hey YouTube world it's my 93 Pontiac
Bonneville and had this car for about 11
years been working on it ever since and
you see I got the 20 inch for ready
wheels
nice paint job you can see the
reflection in it we got to paint it like
three years ago maybe a little longer
than that but I don't drive it much keep
to the garage that's why it still looks
so good after all this time
also got a dual pipes coming off a z28
muffler sounds pretty good
let's go check out the interior
all right what I got here is I got a
7-inch valor TV monitor also got
seven inch monitors among visors
as you can see I got a woodgrain inserts
console inserts woodgrain gearshifter
woodgrain dash inserts woodgrain
steering wheel half leather half wood
grain at the same thing on the doors
seats are too tall
you know something
bad debt is leather
we're great speaker girls
Oh show show you my favorite part of
this vehicle is the trunk
I'm gonna trip out we all see here check
that out what I got here is to pioneer
champion series 12 with the PlayStation
two wireless controllers 26 Vizio
flat-screen TV so that's one working
with let me know what you think